feat: Add pipelines/id/builds endpoint [2] (#3070)
screwdriver-cd/screwdriver: plugins/pipelines/README.md

`GET /pipelines/{id}/events?page={pageNumber}&count={countNumber}&sort={sort}&prNum={prNumber}`

#### Get all pipeline builds
`page`, `count`, `sort`, `latest`, `sortBy`, `fetchSteps`, `readOnly`, and `groupEventId` are optional

> When `latest=true` and `groupEventId` is set, only latest builds in a pipeline based on groupEventId will be returned. `latest` and `groupEventId` must be set together

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When `latest=true` and `groupEventId` is set, only latest builds in a pipeline based on groupEventId will be returned. The `latest` parameter must be used in conjunction with the `groupEventId`.
```

> `GET /pipelines/{id}/builds?page={pageNumber}&count={countNumber}&sort={sort}&latest=true&groupEventId={groupEventId}&sortBy={sortBy}&fetchSteps=false&readOnly=false`

Reviewer: `fetchSteps=false` will omit steps in the build response? This might be param that we can use to filter out the steps field in the build response.

Author: yes
